Update getting-started.md (#2179)
elementary/website: docs/code/getting-started.md

        Copyright: 2018 Your Name <you@emailaddress.com>
        License: GPL-3.0+

> That wasn't too bad right? This is all that is required for elementary's build processes to create a .deb package from your project. You don't have to create a .deb file yourself. We'll set up more complicated packaging in the future. If you'd like you can always read [more about Debian packaging](https://www.debian.org/doc/debian-policy/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That wasn't too bad, right? We'll set up more complicated packaging in the future, but this is all that is required to submit your app to AppCenter Dashboard for it to build, package, and distribute your app—you don't need to actually create a .deb file yourself. If you'd like you can always read [more about Debian packaging](https://www.debian.org/doc/debian-policy/).
```
